[Music]
okay how would you feel if someday you
invented something extraordinary but
then someone came around and like oh
that would make a good coat hanger and
everyone used it like that ever since me
I don't think I'd mine as long as the
royalty check had enough zeros in it
believe it or not it appears something
like that happened regularly in the past
and probably still does number one
bubble wrap if you entered a room with
walls covered in bubble wrap you'd
probably be left scratching your head
but when it was first made in 1975 this
was the actual purpose of the invention
further down the line bubble wrap was
proposed as greenhouse insulation yet it
didn't find success there either only
three years later it was finally noticed
as a good wrapping material and found
its place where it still belongs to the
smallest pocket of your genes it even
has a proper name in fact a watch pocket
as time moved on we adapted this little
pocket to fit change or something
equally small but at the time when jeans
were just invented people used small
metal watches on a chain this tiny
pocket was perfect to fit one right
there three play doh a long time ago
fireplaces were used to heat homes and
wallpapers and rooms inevitably turned
into a mess from a layer of soot the
play-dohs ancestor was invented to
remove this soot with no harm to
wallpapers but when easily cleaned vinyl
wallpapers emerged on the market and
fireplaces became more of a luxury it
became obsolete but kids still loved to
play with it that's also why play-doh
became so colorful in upcoming years for
post-it notes we like these colorful
things because you can stick them
anywhere without a second thought and
then just lift them away leaving no glue
marks but the initial idea was just the
opposite there inventor tried to make
the most adhesive glue ever but fail
dramatically still further testing of
this not so sticky glue in addition to
small notes
showed that it may prove even more
useful after all five high heels these
sources of self-confidence for some and
painful discomfort for others were never
meant to attract attention and add
height in fact they were even originally
made for men to wear while riding a
horse see for yourself the shape of
heels matches a stirrup like a key
matches a lock heel boots helped a
horseman to be more stable on horseback
and even to steady aim his bow right on
the go 6 microwave oven there was
absolutely no intent to make a microwave
at all it happened by accident when a
group of scientists were testing radar
equipment microwaves it emitted melted a
chocolate bar guess what was used for
further testing of microwaves heating
potential it was the first-ever
microwave popcorn 7 Facebook one of the
biggest social networks today didn't aim
that high at the beginning in 2004 it
had strictly limited membership to
students of Harvard but pretty soon it
became so popular that it was expanded
to all the colleges of the Ivy League
after that it was just a matter of time
and lots of funds for Facebook to become
what it is now 8 Teflon pans in 1938
when Teflon was first introduced nobody
even thought of marrying it with
kitchenware the initial research was
aimed at producing a new kind of gas for
fridges no luck there sure but the
result was the most slippery stuff ever
that could form a coating able to
completely protect anything from high
temperatures and corrosion plus nothing
can stick to it and it's easy to clean a
must for every kitchen 9 slinky it was
first produced by a naval engineer as a
means to suspend naval equipment at some
point one of the tension Springs dropped
down to the floor and slunk away in such
a familiar wiggly wobbly fashion yes
that was a Eureka moment since then
hundreds of millions of these fancy
Springs were sold
all over the world ten treadmill today
you may sweat on a treadmill after that
burger you've eaten recently but when
first invented it was used as part of a
correctional work for prisoners that
treadmill had a different shape more
like a set of stairs that never ends it
had another purpose too and it's in the
name it served as a criminal powered
mill 11t the first wave of tea's
popularity wasn't about having a cosy
time on a cold winter day it was
supposed to be a medicine some ads even
went as far as to say you could cure
anything with 50 cups of tea which was
of course not true now to be fair though
tea does have some positive effects on
your well-being but with 50 cups of tea
well it'll certainly give your bladder a
workout 12 chewing gum people were known
to chew on bark or dry natural resin for
thousands of years but the first time
the modern chewing gum was produced it
was as part of continuous efforts to
produce a new kind of rubber funny
enough the experiment was in vulcanizing
the same kind of natural resin that was
already used as a chewing gum but it led
to nothing
instead this resin was use to make a new
chewing gum much more convenient and
tastier 13 a pacemaker a perfect example
of how a small mistake can eventually
become a savior of many lives the
first-ever prototype of a pacemaker was
made from a heart rhythm recording
device but with the wrong kind of
resistor in its scheme when it was
turned on it started to produce signals
instead of recording them and these
signals had the same rhythm as a healthy
human heart would have wow can't think
of an accident happier than that 14
Braille this language system was
initially used as a means of coding
short messages to secure secret
information it was called night writing
and a bonus feature it had was that you
didn't even need to look at the code to
get the message just touch the
of course it was further adapted for
blind people to use but it all started
with spy games 15 artificial sweetener
this one might have not even seen the
light of day had one scientist had the
good habit of washing hands while
working with chemicals it was in the
middle of an endeavor to find a cure for
peptic ulcer when an inventor dropped a
piece of paper and licked his finger to
pick it up he discovered that it tasted
sweet and this is how aspartame sugar
replacement appeared 16 neckties one
thing ties have always been is classic
but when they first appeared they were
part of a military uniform and not to
help in looking more presentable at a
job interview instead they serve to tie
the top of a jacket and hold it in one
place later they were also used as a
distinguishing mark for separate
military structures 17 mouthwash a safe
and powerful antiseptic we now use as a
mouthwash was previously used in
literally every field it could be
applied to at some point it was even a
remedy for toenail fungus and a floor
cleaner but originally it was introduced
to be used in surgery that's a long road
to your bathroom 18 cell phones it took
half a century for cell phones to get
where they are now did you know that the
first cell phones were made to use in a
car to talk while driving yes the one
thing we try not to do with modern cell
phones good thing today we can do so
much more with them hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share with a friend and here
are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life